---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-03-06T02:45:08.211Z'
dateModified: '2016-03-06T02:44:54.100Z'
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-03-02-96978c34-34f8-4675-9ace-7bb4111c44c3.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: 96978c34-34f8-4675-9ace-7bb4111c44c3/index.html
_type: Article

---
**Welcome to Everyone's Place: Acupuncture and Wellness**

Sacramento's only Mobile Acupuncture and Wellness Service. Pardon the dust as I continue to update this website.

**Why Mobile Acupuncture?**

Why not? What ever happened to the old fashioned house call with the bare foot doctor and the medcine bag?What happened to the person who could come to your home see your whole family and show you how to make your life work better for you? Our society traded that in for the rising health care costs of modern day institutions like hospitals and medical insurance. 

**So why Mobile acupuncture****?**

Convenience and ease, who doesn't like that? Because everyone can't get to a clinic. Some people are disabled or in to much agony for them to leave their house for 20-60 min drive, get into a clinic and back out, then drive back after treatment. If you have ever thrown your back out you have an idea of what I mean. Some people are legitimately to busy. The extra time lost in commuting back and forth to a clinic makes being compliant with regular self care next to impossible. Still others just like relaxing in their own bed watching their own tv while they gently fall into an acupuncture induced nap (if you have never had one then you should schedule ASAP). After the needles are removed you don't have to ruin the relaxation by jumping back into traffic and the hustle and bustle of life. You can continue to relax in the comfort of your own home and l'll lock the door behind me.

**Can I do all that crazy ancient Chinese medicine in your home, office, or even for large groups**? 

You betcha. All you need is a comfortable chair and a quiet space to relax. I'll bring everything else. Even for conditions like back, hip, groin pain, and even home births you can have a safe, gentle, effective treatments in the comfort and privacy of your own home or office. I can comfortably treat 4-6 patients and hour  for full service and even more if you want mini treatments for even larger goups like churches and community events. So yes this is great opportunity for groups and parties. 

**Ok so what can Acupuncture treat? Its just for stress and pain right? **

Wrong. An easier question is what can't acupuncture treat 

_(This is by no means a complete list of what Acupuncture and Traditional Chinese Medicine can treat.)_  
****

**Eye, Ear, Nose, Throat Disorders**

* Sinusitis
* Sore Throat
* Hay Fever
* Earache
* Nerve Deafness
* Ringing in the Ears
* Dizziness
* Poor Eyesight

**Circulatory Disorders**

* High Blood Pressure
* Angina Pectoris
* Arteriosclerosis
* Anemia

**Gastrointestinal Disorders**

* Irritable Bowel Syndrome
* Spastic colon
* Colitis
* Constipation
* Diarrhea
* Food Allergies
* Ulcers
* Gastritis
* Abdominal Bloating
* Hemorrhoids

**Gynecological / Genitourinary Disorders**

* Premenstrual Syndrome (PMS)
* Irregular, Heavy or Painful Menstruation
* Endometriosis
* Menopause
* Fibroids
* Chronic Bladder Infection
* Complications in Pregnancy
* Morning Sickness
* Kidney Stones
* Impotence
* Infertility in Men and Women
* Sexual Dysfunction
* Impotence
* Infertilty Men and Women
* Sexual Dysfunction 
*   * **Gastrointestinal Disorders**
  * Irritable Bowel Syndrom
  * Spastic colon
  * Colitis
  * Constipation
  * Diarrhea
  * Food Allergies
  * Ulcers
  * Gastritis
  * Abdominal Bloating
  * Hemorrhoids **Gynecological / Genitourinary Disorders**
  * Premenstrual Syndrome (PMS)
  * Irregular, Heavy or Painful Menstruation
  * Endometriosis
  * Menopause
  * Fibroids
  * Chronic Bladder Infection
  * Complications in Pregnancy
  * Morning Sickness
  * Kidney Stones
  * Impotence
  * Infertilty in Men and Women
  * Sexual Dysfunction**Immune Disorders**
  * Candida
  * Chronic Fatigue
  * HIV and AIDS
  * Epstein Barr Virus
  * Allergies
  * Lupus
  * MS
  * Hepatitis**Addiction**
  * Smoking Cessation
  * Drugs
  * Alcohol**Emotional and Psychological Disorders**
  * Anxiety
  * Insomnia
  * Depression
  * Stress**Musculoskeletal and Neurological Disorders**
  * Arthirtis
  * Neuralgia
  * Sciatica
  * Back Pain
  * Bursitis
  * Tendonitis
  * Stiff Neck
  * Bell's Palsy
  * Trigeminal Neuralgia
  * Headaches and Migraines
  * Stroke
  * Cerebral Palsey
  * Polio
  * Sprains
  * Muscle Spasms
  * Shingles**Respiratory Disorders**
  * Asthma
  * Emphysema
  * Bronchitis
  * Colds and Flus**Acupuncture Also Treats**
  * Chemotherapy/Radiation Side Effects
  * Diabetes
  * Dermatological Disorders
  * Weight Management